Add PERSEO_MONGO_AUTH_SOURCE variable (#608)
telefonicaid/perseo-fe: docs/admin/index.md

#### perseo-fe

> | Environment variable       | Default Value | Description                                                                                                                                                                    |

Author: Seems like something is messing with this formatting on my end, can't seem to get rid of it

Reviewer: Using the "Hide withespace" option is seems to be fine.

![imagen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1534240/143241644-4b5d6024-504a-4363-ae93-e2d368461e21.png)

Author: This is useful, thanks!

| :------------------------- | :------------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `PERSEO_ENDPOINT_HOST`     |               | Host where the CEP will listen to.                                                                                                                                             |
| `PERSEO_ENDPOINT_PORT`     |               | Port where the CEP will listen to.                                                                                                                                             |
| `PERSEO_MONGO_ENDPOINT`✅  |               | Endpoint (host[:port]) list for Mongo DB.                                                                                                                                      |
| `PERSEO_MONGO_REPLICASET`  |               | ReplicaSet name for Mongo DB.                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `PERSEO_MONGO_AUTH_SOURCE` |               | The database name associated with the user's credentials for Mongo DB, see https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/connection-string/#mongodb-urioption-urioptionauthSource. |

Reviewer 2: Creating an hyperlink instead of the complete URL will easy reading the documentation
```suggestion
| `PERSEO_MONGO_AUTH_SOURCE` |               | The database name associated with the user's credentials for Mongo DB. [More info here](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/connection-string/#mongodb-urioption-urioptionauthSource). |
```
